do you work hard for your money do you
earn your paycheck well stop right there
those days are over free money is headed
your way you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about the universal basic
income let's get into it right away Mark
Zuckerberg joins Silicon Valley big wigs
in calling for government to give
everybody free money you thought this
was clickbait you thought this was a
joke and here we are talking about the
government giving people free money so
the Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was at
Harvard having a little speech and in
that speech he discussed first
modernizing democracy whatever that
means and the universal basic income
which is what other they use this word
here Elite so-called Elite members of
Silicon Valley have talked about I'll
get into that more in a moment
essentially what we have here is more
poverty more
unemployment and jobs being lost to
automation robots Outsourcing what have
you and this leaves a really big hole
and they intend on filling that hole
with the universal basic income pay
everyone a paycheck so that we don't
have people underneath the poverty line
that's essentially the goal of the
universal basic income it's great sounds
great I'm all for it wait a minute who
pays for that well I guess I do with my
income
taxes with my property taxes with every
single other tax that I have to pay
every single day of my life and every
single thing that I do I'm already
paying so much tax now I have to pay
more tax in order to have everybody be
above the poverty line but what concerns
me is in any socialist environment and
call it whatever you want it's
totalitarian you take a money from a
group of people the middle class let's
say and you decide
okay well the poor need this money so
we're going to take let's say I don't
know 5% of your income and we're going
to give it to the poor in this way we
have calculated there will be no more
people below the poverty line it's a
great idea let's do it let's go ahead
well of course along the
way a lot of that money is lost it's
squandered it's used in administration
and everything else you know how it
works when you donate to the cause or
the Cure or whatever and you do all
these walks and marathons and everything
else only a very very very small portion
of that money actually gets used to the
actual cause and that's really really
sad so whenever you put things through
any sort of bureaucracy most of the
money is
diluted that's the failure so people
have to really really really hard in
order to get their money and then you
take a percentage of it away and then
try to give it to another group of
people whereas if you just lift everyone
up you wouldn't have this problem but of
course what do I know all right Mark
Zuckerberg wants the government to give
people free money when the $63 billion
man doesn't want to do that because this
individual pays little to no taxes in
comparison to the amount of money he
makes
well you know despite what you read here
that they want to give away 99% of their
Facebook
stake maybe that's true I'm sure that
their $3 billion worth will not be a
challenge for them to have to deal with
anyway I think it's funny that the
richest of the rich people call for the
middle class to give up their money to
give to some other group that's what I
think is really funny they always say
yes yes we're philanthropists and all
that stuff yet their taxes are lower
than yours and
mine so you know what you can keep your
ideas to
yourself and just as a comparison he's
got $63 billion and then simultaneously
you look at the global econom economy
fake GDP global economy it's 74 trillion
so nearly the same amount of money as
the entire world put together all
countries all countries $74 trillion and
he's approximately the same amount you
look at you know he's not even the
richest guy some people are richer than
the economy of the entire world I mean
that's just absurd and obscene to think
about and it's these top individuals who
are the ones who say you know what you
got to do this and you got to do that
and the government I want to work with
them to make sure that you're doing this
policy and that policy you know what
keep it to yourself keep it to
yourself this is a very Pro Ubi or
Universal basic income infographic and
website and possibly as
well but I found it here I thought it
was interesting and and of course they
talk about the truth in it the basics of
Ubi Universal basic income is a fixed
amount at a level sufficient for
substance given by the state to all of
its citizens regardless if they work or
not so this is a simple fact pay
everybody give them all a paycheck so
that they don't Riot so that they don't
get upset they have some income coming
in when all the jobs are
lost and it basically goes into a bunch
of things you know there are countries
doing this right now there are uh trials
going on and it's successful and it's a
great idea okay if we move down further
here how much would it cost they're
suggesting that it's going to cost you
know trillions of dollars but that's
okay because we're able to pay for it
and how so well due to the inherent
scale of a universal income funding
would likely come from a variety of
sources oh wait what kind of sources are
they talking about here carbon taxes
income taxes vat negative interest rates
earnings from
Investments decreases in military
spending Sovereign wealth funds and
resource based
revenues are being
explored so
essentially more taxes as if we already
don't have enough negative interest rate
that's that's another tax and then it
says earnings from Investments that's
taxes you know decreases in military
spending I don't know what country you
live in but that's not happening anytime
soon then it goes on Sovereign wealth
funds I I just don't believe it for a
single second anyway essentially how we
going to pay for this your taxes are
going to go up again look at this Canada
is betting on a
universal basic income to help cities
gutted by manufacturing job losses we
manufactur
manufacturers have offshore their jobs
making more profits than ever and the
result of which is to Simply tax you the
individual maybe you have work maybe you
don't tax you more and then you will pay
for that other person that makes a lot
of sense well the guy with the perfect
hair has decided that this would be a
great idea well I have a difference of
opinion for the next two years 2,000
unemployed people in Finland will share
a special bond thanks to a new federal
program they're going to receive a free
$600 per month no questions asked even
if they get another job they're still
going to get this $600 per month
now this right here is only $600 per
month and that obviously isn't going to
pay for everything but it
just it just to me is it where is the
$600 coming from it's not free money
it's not free money and people need to
get that through their heads they say
whatever the government's got a lot of
money I'll take some of that they're
going to take it from you and I that's
just the way it is Glasgow is one step
closer to becoming the first British
City excuse me to run a universal basic
income trial after the city council
agreed to partnership with the RSA to
look at how an experiment might work so
again there there are cities all over
the world which are engaging in this
Universal basic income at least in trial
phases it's been discussed everywhere
Switzerland thankfully denied this but
it's only the first time I see it
happening
and although I don't agree with the
policy I do agree with what Elon
Musk has suggested would happen I'm not
saying that this is a good thing just
suggesting that this is probably going
to happen Elon Musk said a universal
income will eventually need to be
adopted as human workers are replaced by
robots I think there's a pretty good
chance we could end up with a universal
basic income or something like that due
to automation I'm not sure what else one
would do people have the time to do any
other things it's going to be so
wonderful you're not going to have to
work you're just going to get free money
and everything's just going to be fine
and dandy well you know I appreciate his
efforts in in some ways he's certainly a
someone who thinks to the future I I
don't agree with this at all I don't
think that people are going to have some
wonderful leisure time because their job
just got outsourced to a robot or
automation or offshore it doesn't work
like that and unfortunately people
struggle but I do think that this could
be a policy that gets applied globally
and I think it's going to end up
terribly
because you cannot give anything away
for free if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so if you want to
actually flip through the book just go
to Amazon they have this feature there
the look inside feature it allows you to
flip through the pages of the book to
see if you like it if you want to catch
me
on
steemit there's many uh videos on there
that I've done all my work from YouTube
is going to be on there from now on I'm
going to be uh adding more and more
articles every day I post articles on
Steam now you can check that out for
those who don't know steam is basically
a social media platform except when you
upvote or let's say like give thumbs up
you actually are essentially giving
money to the those people who create
those posts so you have a way to support
those who you care about and you don't
have to Fork out any money at all it's
actually pretty amazing so the
individuals who create good content when
you give them that thumbs up you're
essentially giving them money and you
didn't have to Fork it out at all and of
course that's all interconnected with
the crypto
currencies which is a whole other ball
game so it is H something to look at I
suggest getting on steemit if you're not
already a lot of the big names here on
YouTube are already on they're doing a
lot of work so check me out on steemit
definitely I'm making about uh I don't
know probably about 10 cents per day on
steemit so if you want to make that 11
cents you can get over to steemit take
care